Remove Dimension Entity (#174)
sulu/SuluContentBundle: UPGRADE.md

## 0.5.0

### Dimension Entity was removed

The `Dimension` entity was removed because it had no additional value and did make things
unnecessary complex.

> #### Migrate data into your entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Migrate data into your DimensionContent entity
```

As the Dimension Entity did contain locale and stage in which your DimensionContent is saved
this data need to be migrated into your own entity.

```sql
# Create stage and locale fields
ALTER TABLE test_example_dimension_contents ADD stage VARCHAR(16) DEFAULT NULL, ADD locale VARCHAR(7) DEFAULT NULL;

# Migrate data to new fields
UPDATE test_example_dimension_contents myContentDimension
INNER JOIN cn_dimensions dimension ON dimension.no = myContentDimension.dimension_id
SET myContentDimension.stage = dimension.stage, myContentDimension.locale = dimension.locale;

# Remove nullable from stage field
ALTER TABLE test_example_dimension_contents CHANGE stage stage VARCHAR(16) NOT NULL;

# Remove dimension relation
ALTER TABLE test_example_dimension_contents DROP FOREIGN KEY FK_9BFA55B277428AD;
DROP INDEX IDX_9BFA55B277428AD ON test_example_dimension_contents;
ALTER TABLE test_example_dimension_contents DROP dimension_id;

# Drop Dimension Table
DROP TABLE cn_dimensions;
```

> TODO provide here a general doctrine migration which support up/down.

Reviewer: think we can remove this line. it okay for me to not provide such a script

> #### Update your Content Entities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Update your ContentRichEntity class and DimensionContent class
```

> In your entity you need to change the createDimensionContent method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your "ContentRichEntity" class you need to change the createDimensionContent method:
```

```diff
-    public function createDimensionContent(DimensionInterface $dimension): DimensionContentInterface
+    public function createDimensionContent(): DimensionContentInterface
     {
-        return new ExampleDimensionContent($this, $dimension);
+        $exampleDimensionContent = new ExampleDimensionContent($this);
+
+        return $exampleDimensionContent;
     }
```

Also the constructor of your "DimensionContent" entity need to be changed:

```diff
-    public function __construct(Example $example, DimensionInterface $dimension)
+    public function __construct(Example $example)
     {
         $this->example = $example;
-        $this->dimension = $dimension;
     }
```

The `DimensionContentInterface` has the `getDimension` removed and will now directly
need to provide the `getStage`, `setStage`, `getLocale` and `setLocale` methods.

> This is normally done by the traits provided by the ContentBundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the traits provided by the ContentBundle, these methods should be added to your entity automatically.
```

#### Update your list configuration

> If you use the dimension data to be listed in your list you need to change it the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the dimension data in your list configuration, you need to change it the following way:
```

## 0.5.0

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: merge conflict 🙂

        </join>
    </joins>
    
-    <joins name="dimension">
-        <join>
-            <entity-name>%sulu.model.dimension.class%</entity-name>
-            <condition>%sulu.model.dimension.class%.locale = :locale AND %sulu.model.dimension.class%.stage = 'draft'</condition>
+            <condition>dimensionContent.locale = :locale AND dimensionContent.stage = 'draft'</condition>
-         </join>
-     </joins>

    <properties>
        <property name="id" translation="sulu_admin.id">
            <field-name>id</field-name>
            <entity-name>Sulu\Bundle\ContentBundle\Tests\Application\ExampleTestBundle\Entity\Example</entity-name>
        </property>

-        <property name="dimensionId" visibility="never">
-            <field-name>id</field-name>
-            <entity-name>%sulu.model.dimension.class%</entity-name>
-
-            <joins ref="dimension"/>
-        </property>
-
        <property name="title" visibility="yes" translation="sulu_admin.title">
            <field-name>title</field-name>
            <entity-name>dimensionContent</entity-name>

            <joins ref="dimensionContent"/>
        </property>
    </properties>
</list>

> >>>>>>> 1ac7236... Remove dimension entity

Reviewer: merge conflict
